2 Double tap to select hours.
Select hours.
25 not select selected one out of list
double tap to select.
2 double tap to activate.
3 Double tap to activate 3 21 not so 25
out of list.
Double tap to select minutes.
Select Minutes not select Select 05105020.
Double tap to activate selected 25.
Double tap to activate 30 Double tap to
activate 30 Twenty 25th 1050 Select not
selected AM radio button one of two.
Double tap to select selected not
selected PM radio button two of two.
Double tap to select 05105020304050.
Switch to text input mode for the time
input button.
Double tap to activate Cancel button.
Double tap to activate OK button.
Double tap to activate Cancel.
Switch to text input mode for the Time
input button.
Double tap to activate AM, minute out: 3,
type in time, set time, type in time 3,
edit box for hour.
Double tap to edit text.
Double tap and hold to long press: 30
edit box per minute.
Double tap to edit text.
Double tap and hold to long.
Press hour minute drop down list AM
Double tap to change pop up window,
double tap to select PM double tap to
select.